Add user, installation and testing guide (#112)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/guide/user_guide/intro_getting_started.rst

.. _intro_getting_started:

***************

> Getting Started

Reviewer: I think this should specify that this is low-level/paramiko-like API

***************

> Now that you have read the :ref:`installation guide<installation_guide>` and installed ansible-pylibssh on a your system.

Reviewer: It's better to maintain spaces for readability + typo
```suggestion
Now that you have read the :ref:`installation guide <installation_guide>` and installed |project| on your system.
```

Reviewer: Alternatively, this would work too
```suggestion
Now that you have read the :ref:`installation_guide` and installed |project| on your system.
```

.. contents::
   :local:

Checking libssh version
=======================

.. code-block:: python

   from pylibsshext._libssh_version import LIBSSH_VERSION

>    print(LIBSSH_VERSION)

Reviewer: Instead of putting Python sources in RST, let's put them in Python files and just include their contents (full or partial). It's easier to maintain files with complete sources that are just included in guides in parts. And it's possible to lint/check those files too, unlike code blocks in sphinx.

Reviewer: (you may delegate this to me if you want as I have a lot of experience using the inclusions)

> Creating a SSH session
> ======================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating an SSH session
=======================
```

.. code-block:: python

   from pylibsshext.session import Session
   from pylibsshext.errors import LibsshSessionException

   ssh = Session()

Connecting with remote SSH server
=================================

.. code-block:: python

  HOST = "CHANGEME"
  USER = "CHANGEME"
  PASSWORD = "CHANGEME"
  TIMEOUT = 30
  PORT = 22
  try:
      ssh.connect(
          host=HOST,
          user=USER,
          password=PASSWORD,
          timeout=TIMEOUT,
          port=PORT,
      )
  except LibsshSessionException as ex:
     print(str(ex))

  print(ssh.is_connected)

Passing a command and reading response
======================================

.. code-block:: python

  chan = ssh.new_channel()

>   print("stdout:\n%s\n stderr:\n%s\n returncode:\n%s\n" % (resp.stdout, resp.stderr, resp.returncode))

Reviewer: It's not clear what `resp` is here.

  chan.close()

Opening a remote shell passing command and receiving response
=============================================================
.. code-block:: python

  chan_shell = ssh.invoke_shell()
  chan_shell.sendall("ls")
  data = chan_shell.read_bulk_response(timeout=2, retry=10)
  chan_shell.close()
  print(data)

Fetch file from remote host
===========================
.. code-block:: python

  remote_file = '/etc/hosts'
  local_file = '/tmp/hosts'
  sftp = SFTP(ssh)
  sftp.get(remote_file, local_file)
  sftp.close()

Copy file from remote host
===========================

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: There should usually be some whitespace before code-blocks
```suggestion

.. code-block:: python
```
